Kaya,

When I got on the phone with you, I could tell you were not sober. That is not the issue, I have not been sober a couple times talking with you on the phone. The issue for me is when I mentioned that you 'sounded different, are you okay?', I felt that was your opportunity to be transparent, to which at first you were not. Now I've been the person who has not been sober on the phone and avoided that question, and my familiarity with alcoholism was what gave me the indications to follow up. I'll give you that upon following up you were honest, but the initial question I asked regarding what I suspected was sort of a test to see if you had any reservations with being forthcoming. I had no certainty but when it was confirmed upon follow up it did hurt due to the purity of our trust and ultimately led to my trust becoming slightly diminished. I gave you the opportunity to be honest with me in the moment and that seemed to be passed by. Please know that I have been drunk many times and would not judge you for having a drink, wanting a drink, or anything else involving alcohol if other boundaries were not violated. Drinking is not the issue here. So, I want to reassure you on your embarrassment of answering the phone in the state you were in as not what made me feel this way. 

I could tell you were in a mood since we spoke last night. I noticed your lack of enthusiasm to follow up after that call and touch base later, after this was discussed as a possibility. Please know that I don't 'need' to talk to you every day, it's not a requirement or expectation. I maintain my position since the beginning that there is no pressure to be any way other than yourself and if you wanted to take the night to do as you have because that would make you happy then I support that. I'll admit I was rather ecstatic about what possibilities lay ahead of us after talking with my mother, brother, and friend about you. I was vulnerable in many ways that I never am and built you up to be this person that everyone who cared about me was thrilled to have you involved in my life. I suppose this is what is making this feel more pronounced.

None of this is a BIG deal, it doesn’t 'trigger' me. I want to reiterate that what the issue here is for me, is when I knew that something was off you were not honest. I have encouraged you to understand I would not judge you by your choices. What I am bothered by is the failure to be transparent. You did come forward with the truth when I followed up, which I commend you for, but I feel as though I should have been informed the moment I asked. It feels like you wanted to withhold it for some reason that I believe only you can understand. This seems to go against the understanding I thought we had with one another. I have stressed to you the importance of transparency as a core value of mine since the first night we had dinner together. I believed you were on the same page with this, but this does instill confidence in what is happening here. I’ll always give you the choice, please do with this what you will. There is no irreputable damage or ultimatums. I’ll give you the opportunity to address this if you would like.
